I'm building a new step that I take.
So, you're going to talk to any group of people?
I don't think so.
Look, I know you got a part-time job lined up and you're going to find your...
Yeah, so...
So, the video production people are here.
I'm sure they have part-time.
Yeah, I still don't know.
Look, Dennis, you're good at it.
Besides, they do corporate videos.
Nothing bad.
Come on.
Just talk to them.
All right, I'll check it out.
I hear you.
Eventually, you want to work part-time to pursue other passions.
Oh, well, I'd like to start part-time.
It's doable.
But after you're established,
after a few years of hard work and dedication,
you'll be able to pick your own jobs.
And you'll even get to set your own schedule.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Hey, thanks so much for your time.
One second, before you leave.
Just so you know,
here's what you can make in your first year.
My advice?
Try not to get too caught up in the sacrifice.
Think about the payback.
Thanks.
Money.
No.
Wealth.
Proverbs 23, 4 and 5.
Do not wear yourself out to gain wealth.
Stop and show understanding.
When you cast your eyes on it,
it is not there.
For it will surely sprout wings that can eagle
and fly off into the sky.
Hey, you ready to go?
Yeah, ready.
So, you talk to anybody?
Yeah.
Learned anything good?
I did.
We'll tell you.